OSSM-9322 Istio ambient mode getting started docs (#95032)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ossm-installing-istio-ambient-mode.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:

// * service-mesh-docs-main/install/ossm-istio-ambient-mode.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="ossm-installing-istio-ambient-mode_{context}"]
= Installing Istio ambient mode

You can install {istio} ambient mode on {ocp-product-title} 4.19 or later and {SMProductName} 3.1.0 or later with the required Gateway API custom resource definitions (CRDs).

.Prerequisites

> * You have deployed a cluster on {ocp-product-title} 4.19 or later, which includes the supported {k8s} Gateway API CRDs required for {istio} ambient mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You have deployed a cluster on {ocp-product-title} 4.19 or later.
```

* You have installed {SMProduct} Operator 3.1.0 or later in the {ocp-product-title} cluster.
* You are logged in to the {ocp-product-title} either through the web console as a user with the `cluster-admin` role, or with the `oc login` command, depending on the installation method.

.Procedure

. Install the {istio} control plane:

.. Create the `istio-system` namespace by running the following command:
+
[source, terminal]
----
$ oc create namespace istio-system
----

> .. Create the `{istio}` resource similar to the following example:

Reviewer 2: Is there some way to rewrite this sentence to make it more clear that the file users are creating here is the `istio.yaml` file they're applying in the next step? Assuming that that's what users are doing in these two steps. Maybe something like this:
```suggestion
.. Create an `{istio}` resource named `istio.yaml` similar to the following example:
```

Up to you if you want a different wording, I just think that being explicit here would be more clear for users.

+
.Example configuration
[source, yaml]
----
apiVersion: sailoperator.io/v1
kind: Istio
metadata:
  name: default
spec:
  namespace: istio-system
  profile: ambient
  values:
    pilot:
      trustedZtunnelNamespace: ztunnel
----
+

> [NOTE]
> ====
> The `profile` field should be set to `ambient`, and configure the `.spec.values.pilot.trustedZtunnelNamespace` value to match the namespace where the `ZTunnel` resource will be installed.

Reviewer 2: Based on the other comment for this note - if it's really critical, you could make it an IMPORTANT admonition, and word the note more strongly by telling users they must do this:
```suggestion
[IMPORTANT]
====
You must set the `profile` field to `ambient`, and configure the `.spec.values.pilot.trustedZtunnelNamespace` value to match the namespace where the `ZTunnel` resource will be installed.
```

====

.. Apply the `{istio}` custom resource (CR) by running the following command:
+
[source, terminal]
----
$ oc apply -f istio.yaml
----

.. Wait for the {istio} control plane to contain the `Ready` status condition by running the following command:
+
[source, terminal]
----
$ oc wait --for=condition=Ready istios/default --timeout=3m
----

. Install the {istio} Container Network Interface (CNI):

.. Create the `istio-cni` namespace by running the following command:
+
[source, terminal]
----
$ oc create namespace istio-cni
----

> .. Create the `IstioCNI` resource similar to the following example:

Reviewer 2: Same suggestion here about making it more clear that the file created in this step is the one being applied in the next one

+
.Example configuration
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: sailoperator.io/v1
kind: IstioCNI
metadata:
  name: default
spec:
  namespace: istio-cni
  profile: ambient
----
+

> The `profile` field should be set to `ambient`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the `profile` field to `ambient`.
```

.. Apply the `IstioCNI` CR by running the following command:
+
[source, terminal]
----
$ oc apply -f istio-cni.yaml
----

.. Wait for the `IstioCNI` pods to contain the `Ready` status condition by running the following command:
+
[source, terminal]
----
$ oc wait --for=condition=Ready istios/default --timeout=3m
----

. Install the Ztunnel proxy:

.. Create the `ztunnel` namespace for Ztunnel proxy by running the following command:
+
[source, terminal]
----
$ oc create namespace ztunnel
----
+
The namespace name for `ztunnel` project must match the `trustedZtunnelNamespace` parameter in {istio} configuration.

> .. Create the `Ztunnel` resource similar to the following example:

Reviewer 2: Same suggestion here about specifying the file name of the file being created
